by the way I'm an art collector myself
oh yeah when I when I was a kid I had
the Welcome Back Kotter lunchbox and my
wife managed to get the original artwork
for me welcome back pretty I think that
I think it's pretty great these are
hanging up in on the wall in my office
and look you got an A and everything -
do you guys think that Jimmy and I look
alike
how'd you do this well mama tried your
brother like that what I did with a Dean
oh yeah that's right apparently I played
with her chin too much but you know you
can never play with a woman's chin too
much yeah
you are you know famously or infamously
however you wanna you had this you
mispronounce her name what happened no
okay the truth yeah not the chinook
helicopter thing yes the truth is I was
expected backstage and it was getting
very close to the time I was supposed to
go on and suddenly a page and assistant
- you grabbed me out of the scene said
you're on in a minute and 15 seconds ago
he said really I said what happened to
15 minutes yeah I said well you know
they didn't explain well later I found
out that my actual page got second an
elevator and couldn't communicate to
anybody so then the you know backup page
came to rush to get me but as I get
backstage I run into Goldie Hawn now
Goldie Hawn is charismatic sexy
beautiful got the amazing thing and I
was starstruck uh-huh
I'm Sarah hugging and loving her up and
forgetting that I have to go and do this
bit and they said you're on I said yo
Lee we'll talk to you in one of the
parties so you go okay we'll see then
they said oh by the way we've changed
the Adina's name to phonetic spelling I
don't but but what what do you mean go
so I go out there and I get to her thing
and I thought mm-hmm
in my mind what is that man I don't know
that name and it was this phonetic
spelling but I wasn't
I didn't rehearse it that way so this
was goldie Hawn's fault i would never
forgive her but but the beautiful news
is in Adina actually agrees is that
she's had like one of the best years of
her life and her career yeah and she
gives me credit for she should give you
money never mind credit hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel if you like that subscribe to our
YouTube channel to get all our latest
videos before they die and go to YouTube
heaven